listen you guys have seen - let me
explain videos you guys have seen the
light you explain videos when I asked
like a Twitter question and stuff but
I'm thinking of starting to settle let
us explain series so pretty much I'm
gonna have someone who I really like
someone whose work I admire had them on
the show and we're gonna be breaking
down stuff on on what is technically a
movie Monday this is a TV show and it's
a specific TV show tailored to my boy
right here
God friended me now I actually learned
about this show because Kevin talked
about it on his channel Kevin if you
want to introduce yourself and introduce
the show as well oh yeah cuz I know so
much about it well my name is Kevin you
already introduced me so yeah I just
review Christian movies and sometimes
other kinds of movies and and that's
that's it it's just big ol long reviews
that they're good though they're good
yeah this is a CBS series called God
friended me about this dude who's an
atheist of course and of course and he
checks his phone in and God send him a
friend request so if you're watching
this look on Facebook that's right kids
Facebook still exists for those of you
who have like killed facebook off and
are on Twitter Facebook is a thing I
think I feel like we should explain
Facebook for the generation who's only
on Instagram yeah cuz I had a
conversation with someone and they're
like nah brah we don't use Facebook
Facebook's dead like that's where
grandma is yeah that's where everyone
just argues about politics we're over
here on Twitter where well I guess they
still are you all do that yeah but like
I said this is gonna be the whole live
stream on it so shout-out for those of
you guys who are watching it on the live
stream for free for the rest of you who
are on patreon big shout out to you guys
like I said this is a patreon exclusive
that I'm trying to do over there monthly
so your recommendations on any shows or
who you want to have on definitely let
me know and all of them are going to be
cut up so this is 40 minutes I'll
obviously let me explain it's all about
trimming it down so we're gonna have the
highlights of this up later on but if
you will Kevin run it down three two one
so you're listening to him say I thought
I had it all figured out and it changed
my life yeah this whole melting pot as
he's saying right here there is no God
at that's okay
have you noticed that I know you've
covered stuff like when you when you did
that that other Kevin Sorbo movie really
every Kevin Sorbo movie yeah
let there be light you might relate your
face atheist yeah yes to come out and
just like remind you that he's an
atheist and that it's the true religion
and all this other stuff like subtlety I
feel like when you go to like Christian
school 101 it's like yes I don't see you
could leave that at the door I feel free
to come in yeah it's interesting how I
always think it's interesting how
Christians are so afraid of the subtle
Satanist stuff put into movies but yet
they can't be subtle with their
Christianity in their own movies yeah
but that would be ridiculous
oh yeah 2 Chainz alright so there we go
got friended him Wow they get right into
it
it sent him again you know I actually
had that one time I had a buddy
his name was his sous right right so
back in the yeah back in the day you
used to get like an email yeah and that
email would say something like is
so-and-so like friended you on Facebook
so I get this even I thought I was fun
time to scrolling through it right and
it says Jesus has sent you a friend
request I thought it was the funniest
thing in the world and years later
there's a show on this they stole that
idea from you you should sue them it's
already in the works like I can I wish I
could speak more about it but we go to
court this is like 10 episodes long if
he's just doing a Good Samaritan thing
then I mean that's when that's what
early edition was like he would get the
do you remember that show no explain to
me maybe I remember he would get
tomorrow's newspaper today and it would
you know you know how in back to the
future where like the picture changes
whenever like he's like oh no I'm so
that's how it works so he'd look at the
newspaper to see if like the fire is
still gonna happen and he's like oh crap
the fire is still gonna happen I didn't
stop it so he has to it's like
constantly back to the future - oh
that's interesting
see I know that show but it's called
death so Raven and she goes into bigger
shenanigans what the cloud god uploaded
his picture to the cloud
get it I like it I like hope yeah I like
how God doesn't get the message oh that
was so dumb I just got that the picture
of God's profile was that exact cloud
yeah how could he know look it's a
burning bush who is John dove
I never when I get a friend request say
out loud there is oh my god friended me
suggested by God I swear to you you know
what I'm just thinking of I don't know
if you had mentioned this do you
remember that nickelback video of course
which one the nickel bag video where the
guy would see everybody's time counting
down and you would have to stop them
before the time stopped this is that
this is that right as a CBS series oh
great you know yeah by the Train and
John they're gonna replace his brain
with with John Goodman's brain John do
Broad Street instead there's busy people
going to Jamaica Center come on Oh like
oh he said somebody stop that guy well
he's the one looking at him fine I'll do
it I'll stop him now should be his turn
now he should be getting the friend
request and pay it forward mm-hmm yeah
and the Nickelback save me starts
playing right here as God friend of me
comes out oh look the look of all of
these shows like Supergirl looks like
this yeah I don't know what it is it's
the color palette I think is that they
have 20,000 lights just blaring through
everything yeah shadows do not exist and
it's always some mean boss who calls you
to the office yeah to say look we need
to redo the magazine Ugly Betty same
show as Supergirl oh that's the girl
that we just saw right until working in
the same office
no they're just exactly the same the
same okay what you just approached her
right
glad you didn't grow with social media
ah kids that's good people they don't
know but I mean we have social media
they had like what the Cold War yeah
different times yeah just be glad you
were drafted you're going through social
media it's a cyber bullying like optic
we were forced by our government to put
ourselves in front of bullets
you never know what it's levar
understand cyber cyber friend requests
from someone pretending to be God what
he shows up this is another thing about
these bubbly TV shows they just in real
life in real life he would get the
police called on him for like stalking
this girl yeah he knows he could just
ignore it right well he clicked ignore
but then it's still cool
have you never gotten notifications that
just keep popping up yeah like I have a
Mac it tells me to update it every hour
I'm not gonna throw my Mac away I'm just
gonna ignore it I mean I wouldn't say
that I'm RELIGIOUS but yeah I am
spiritual oh here we go here we go you
mean the biggest cop-out in all of
religion ooh well that is a very
Hollywood answer every actor I've ever
talked to who is interviewed way more
actors about this stuff than yeah like
yeah I'm a very spiritual person that
they don't want to that's the one thing
to say to make Christians realize oh no
you're not one of us it's like a dog
whistle yeah yeah now they're gonna go
to hell guys like that's gonna unfriend
them yeah
wait God blocked me Oh blocked me from
heaven oh this is God's it's my father's
house stuff we're gonna get copyrighted
I'll wind
you always know God or some spiritual
thing is around whenever there's wind
when Mother Nature yeah so that's the
funniest thing about that too and like
I'm sure you you come across a bunch of
stuff dealing with that as well when
when spiritual people yeah
ask for a sign right and it sometimes is
the most redundant sign in the world
yeah well an example oh yeah yeah let me
know so it's like my brother wanted to
do something it was the funniest thing
he was like he wanted to do something
but he said he was only gonna do it if
God gave him a sign and the sign that he
needed as he was watching the Cubs game
was that the Cubs had to hit a home run
if the Cubs hit a home run when they're
down statistically it's not possible
then he would do it out let me get this
straight so you want it to be a win-win
scenario where the sides also got to be
something that benefits that you need it
I'll do it if God gives me a billion
dollars I'll do it God bit like you
gotta meet me halfway bro I love how
she's just game with it yeah she's just
going with him it has not been 24 hours
since she's met this dude they're still
wearing the same clothes he's still got
that bomber on
he's like why are you leaving well
because I literally don't know you at
all and you this you're saying that god
this is all weird this is so this is his
dad I love how in movies it's always the
oldest church to ever exist I'm also
amazed at how often pastors hang out in
the sanctuary mm-hmm now you think you'd
just do it at home
yeah it's like oh I'm gonna go to the
church cuz they'll definitely be there
like yeah well I mean like when that
when the when the location scout got the
sanctuary we gonna use the same that's
what they said it God's not dead -
mm-hmm
they're taking away people's hope well
what if it's false hope and that was a
whole debate especially in the third one
guy's not dead three which I'm the
biggest fan of yeah that whole debate
that happens between the two brothers I
thought it was better I thought it was
the best of the three yeah I gave it a
pretty positive review like I think it's
top five of the year easily you know
what I'm saying like I hope it goes off
The Criterion Collection of Congress
it's in the top three God's not dead
movies he's stupid what wait uh-oh so
the lady who they found the picture of
who was in the hospital that's why he
left
that's why she's like I gotta go this is
getting too weird this is a point in
which this has gotten weird
yeah this is the whole teaser trailer
thing everything that's happening here
this is like the story line that they
summed up so you're telling me is that
we wasted 40 minutes where we could have
just needed this in five minutes yeah
and just hop down to episode two okay
but how did she how did he find she's up
on a rooftop that's where he asked the
location scout hey hey where's she yet
well we got this really good roof so she
doesn't know that this girl comes and
looks at and stares at her every day
he's got like a huge side he's telling
her what to say yeah you got this you're
my mom
wait a minute oh it's coming staunton
don't you hate that when you go to like
the park and your kid your kid you
haven't seen in like 20 years is sitting
right next to you like what a buzzkill
That moment when Oh oops
awkward That awkward moment when you can
roast your mom who hasn't talked to you
at years at that your sister who you
never knew the one the one she did stay
with the fierce yeah man that's always
so awkward oh no you gotta stop you know
I was disappointed I've been to New York
twice in the past year never saw anyone
get run over like this man it's
ridiculous every movie I see there's
always someone who gets run over in New
York yeah oh my gosh I'm a doctor I
specialize in people who just got hit by
a car after I saw God's not that one I
realized that my profession I'd better
learn how to do this I might win doesn't
he know when you see a person who's got
run over by a car the first thing you're
supposed to ask him is have you accepted
Jesus Christ into your heart has he not
seen any of you really die today
I heard that they they added the rain so
that so that David AR White would look
more realistic oh yeah they added the
rain and yet there's the cafe in the
background and they're dry as can be
feel like I just got ran over by
car oh yeah I would have left you
eighth graders are the worst Nazi Bo
Burnham's movie I went a little after a
minute
see there's this there's this
contradiction in Christian media where
like if if it does well God has blessed
it but if it does poorly its persecution
yes people don't want hit it talked
about it so sick it's kind of a win-win
but also like if your movie does well
then well then where's the persecution
complex yes a peg Church yeah like every
seat is filled except is it's all
reserved seating numbers for AMC yeah
this is the only thing you can go to
with movie pass now $9.99 a month but
unlimited services on Saturday Church
well okay is that good you guys okay
with that
well except you know when we got peak
pricey because you know some messages
are like really good if it's a real fire
and brimstone
yes it's then Joel Osteen says that's an
extra $5 per ticket just gotta let you
know there hey you listen to my podcast
that's that's the greatest line in TV
has you watch my youtube channel goop so
they're together now I mean they're
practically married in God's eyes yeah
so when can I see you again uh when God
contacts you directly when God sends you
a message oh I don't want to be your
friend until you get a sign from God did
you see that it's another chick moving
on to the next one
wow that was God didn't take love into
account on that one yeah God's got
treating him like Solomon man's moving
on from one woman to the next well
that was God friended me for those of
you guys for watching this in the future
on patreon for those of you guys were
watching live shout out to you guys for
watching life these are something that
we want to do on a like a monthly basis
I figured the gods on front or God I
keep saying God on friended me because I
just think of the movie but it's got
rented God friended me
that'd be bogus have God if that should
be the that should be the actual atheist
version
got unfriended me where he's conflating
Christianity with the people with God
you know like think you're not the same
it could be a spinoff yeah fear that God
unfriended me or something like that an
AMC I don't know what it is but fear
fear the friend requests